>> Steve: I could all over my application,
make these objects by hand.
That's a thing that I could do.
That's error prone and
problematic for a lot of reasons.
Especially if there's some
normalization formatting.
I don't wanna do that all over my
application, I wanna keep it dry.
So we tend to use this pattern
called action creators.
What is an action creator?
Is a function that creates
an action [LAUGH], right?
There is nothing special going on here.
It is simply a function where you
pass in whatever you need and
outcomes one of these objects.
And it says there's a problem of having
things like incorrectly formatted and
stuff like that.
So we'll say we're gonna use this layout,
so export const.
And I'm gonna call this one
update number of people.
And it's gonna take a value and this
looks very similar to what I was doing
with set state in the components before,
right?
It was like I had a instance method
called update number of people
that took a value and
then set state, right?
The difference here this time is,
what we're going to do is we're
gonna dispatch the action.
So I'm gonna do this long
formula then I'll shorten it.
So the action could be,
>> Steve: This right here.
And we know that I wanna
take the value that came in.
And cause ES6 is wonderful.
I can short hand that because not only
the ES6 is wonderful but my font is large.
So, we can take that action and
we take out Dispatcher.
We call Dispatch method and
we pass that action, right?
And so all an action creator does is takes
some things and makes the action object,
and then sends it to the AppDispatcher,
that's it.
Let's make a few more of these real quick.
No surprise what they're going to be.
That's why we use example applications.
>> Steve: So what I could do is,
I can shorten this a little bit.
Like I don't necessarily need to
store this in a variable if I'm
immediately gonna use it.
So what I'll do probably,
AppDispatcher.dispatch,
and then I can just do the object in here.
I'll say type, the type is gonna be
UPDATE_SLICES_PER_PERSON.
And again, it'll take the value, cool.
And we'll make one more.
>> Steve: Reset and reset is not
necessarily gonna take a value,
cuz we're just gonna turn
it to what it was before.
So that one's gonna be even easier.
AppDispatcher.dispatch.
>> Steve: And we'll just say the type.
We'll keep it simple.
It's just reset.
All right, so all action creators
are simple functions that go ahead and
create these objects and
we send them to the AppDispatcher.
We're going to see this
pattern again in the future.
And hopefully by then I'll remember
how to type arrow functions.
Very cool, and so
we've created a bunch of actions.